---
title: Singapore's Approach
permalink: /about-carbon-trading/singapores-approach/
description: Why and how Singapore participates in and supports carbon trading
---

**Benefits**

Carbon Trading is a suitable avenue to advance global climate actions and ambition because it:

* Is guided by high environmental integrity principles,
* Will help us to achieve our 2030 NDC of 60MtCO2e, and
* Presents green growth opportunities for our private sector.
	* Singapore already has a vibrant carbon services and trading ecosystem including carbon services companies, carbon trading desks and intermediaries, and scientific research institutes. These organizations are at the ready to support an international carbon trading economy.
* Leverages other host country’s untapped geographical resources and high climate mitigation potential while taking into consideration Singapore’s national circumstances.
	* We face geographical and resource constraints and are especially alternative energy disadvantaged. You can read on about Singapore’s national circumstances on our website [here](https://safe.menlosecurity.com/https:/www.nccs.gov.sg/singapores-climate-action/overview/national-circumstances/). Such circumstances are recognized under Article 4, paragraph 10 of the Convention.

**Singapore’s Partnerships**

Given the varied benefits carbon trading presents, Singapore has in place robust multilateral and bilateral G2G cooperation frameworks to facilitate Article 6 carbon trading.

* Participating countries must align their national frameworks. If there is no national framework in place for the host country, implementation agreements drawn up will be used a pilot project.
* Carbon credits must not count towards a country’s unconditional NDC, in order to prevent the risk of _overselling_.
* Voluntary carbon market instruments are put in place to generate _high quality carbon credits_, such as the VERRA, Gold Standard, ART-TREES, America Carbon Registry, Climate Action Reserve, Global Carbon Council.

As CMA3 2021 concluded,

* Singapore will contribute 5% of the _share of proceeds_ from carbon credits to climate adaptation efforts in Host Countries and or their Adaptation Funds.
* 2% of carbon credits will be “cancelled” after they are generated by the project, meaning that they cannot be sold off and will not enter the carbon credits market. This is to increase _overall mitigation of global emissions_.

Businesses can leverage the G2G frameworks outlined in the Implementation Agreements to implement credible, verified carbon projects, and use the high-quality carbon credits generated for the furtherance of their own CSR claims and compliance purposes.