---
title: Singapore Government Offtake
permalink: /singapore-government-offtake/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Participation Criteria for IAs
---
<h3><strong>Singapore Government Offtake</strong></h3>
<p>As part of the IA approval process, a project developer (referred to in
the IA as “Project Applicant” or Project Participant”, depending on the
stage of the process) must submit a binding offer to the Singapore Government,
for the Singapore Government to purchase at least 30% of the ITMOs <u>that are authorised under Singapore’s IAs</u>.
Details on the terms of sale to the Government will be notified to all
applicants who have submitted applications at Stage A or B of the process.</p>
<p></p>
<h4><strong>Singapore Carbon Tax-Liable Companies</strong></h4>
<p></p>
<p>Where the project developer is an entity that is liable to pay carbon
tax under the Carbon Pricing Act 2018, the project developer may elect
to:</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>(a) submit a binding offer to the Singapore Government for the Singapore
Government to purchase ITMOs authorised under the IAs, no later than by <strong><u>Stage C</u></strong> of
the process;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(b) surrender ITMOs authorised under the IAs towards its carbon tax liability <strong>within 24 months</strong> of
the ITMOs being authorised; or</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(c) adopt both (a) and (b),</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>provided that a total of at least 30% of ITMOs authorised under the IAs
are either offered to the Singapore Government for purchase or surrendered
to the Singapore Government to offset its carbon tax liability.</p>
<p></p>
<p>Whether the Singapore Government will accept the offer and purchase the
ITMOs is at the Singapore Government’s discretion. The Singapore Government
will only consider purchasing ITMOs that secure Article 6 authorisation
under Singapore’s IAs, and that meet all of Singapore’s prevailing environmental
integrity (EI) requirements at the point of offtake.</p>
<h4><strong>Calculation of the 30% Threshold</strong></h4>
<p></p>
<p>The 30% threshold is calculated based on the total volume of ITMOs authorised
(<u>including</u> SOP and OMGE units) with corresponding adjustments. To
illustrate:</p>
<table style="minWidth: 25px">
<colgroup>
<col>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Project developer submits a request
for authorisation of 100,000 ITMOs generated by a mitigation activity under
Singapore’s IA. At the same time, the project developer also submits its
offer to sell the ITMOs to the Singapore Government, in accordance with
the Singapore Government’s requirements.</p>
<p></p>
<p>2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The obligation to offer the ITMOs
to the Singapore Government for purchase will apply to at least 30% of
the ITMOs that are authorised under the IA. To illustrate, based on the
abovementioned example:</p>
<p>a.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 5,000 ITMOs (i.e. 5%) will be contributed
towards SOP.</p>
<p>b.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2,000 ITMOs (i.e. 2%) will be cancelled
towards OMGE.</p>
<p>c.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At least 30,000 ITMOs (i.e. 30%)
must be offered to the Singapore Government.</p>
<p>d.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Project developer can sell/trade
the remaining 63,000 ITMOs (i.e. 63%), subject to all other prevailing
requirements of both Singapore and the host country.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>